The expeditions found that starlight was indeed deflected by the sun, by almost exactly the amount Einstein had predicted.
Popper was very impressed by this.
Einstein’s theory had made a definite, precise prediction, which was confirmed by observations. 
Had it turned out that starlight was not
this would have
demarcate
quite
fishy
made to fit any empirical data whatsoever.
regard
But some philosophers regard Popper’s criterion as overly simplistic

Popper criticized Freudians and Marxists for explaining away any data that appeared to conflict with their theories, rather than accepting that the theories had been refuted

that this very procedure is
routinely used by ‘respectable’ scientists

whom Popper would not want to accuse of engaging in pseudoscience
very procedure is routinely used by led

and has led to important scientific discoveries.

encounter
which we encountered earlier
predictions
these predictions were borne out by observation
consistently differed
puzzle
oif

attempt to demarcate
after all, it led to the discovery of a new planet
should not criticize

for doing

Rather than concluding

stuck by

showed no signs of giving way to communism

unfair to accuse

cannot be quite right, despite its initial plausibility

worth remembering

and no plausible ways of explaining away
felt

so there must

so there must be some feature that they lack and that genuine scientific theories possess.

whether

negative assessment

his assumption that science has an ‘essential nature’ is questionable

But whether or not we accept Popper’s negative assessment

of Freud and Marx, his assumption that science has an ‘essential nature’ is
questionable.  what it is to be a science

Rather, there is a loose cluster of features

As expedições descobriram que a luz das estrelas foi realmente desviada pelo sol, quase exatamente a quantidade que Einstein havia previsto.
Popper ficou muito impressionado com isso.
A teoria de Einstein fez uma previsão definitiva e precisa, que foi confirmada por observações.
Aconteceu que a luz das estrelas não era
Isso teria
demarcar
bastante
duvidoso
Feito para se adequar a qualquer informação empírica.
que diz respeito
Mas alguns filósofos consideram o critério de Popper como excessivamente simplista

Popper criticou os freudianos e os marxistas por explicarem os dados que pareciam entrar em conflito com suas teorias, ao invés de aceitar que as teorias haviam sido refutadas

Que este mesmo procedimento é
Rotineiramente usado por cientistas "respeitáveis"

A quem Popper não gostaria de acusar de se envolver em pseudociência
Muito procedimento é rotineiramente usado pelo led

E levou a importantes descobertas científicas.

encontro
Que encontramos anteriormente
Previsões
Essas previsões foram confirmadas pela observação
Consistentemente diferiu
enigma
Oif

Tentativa de demarcação
Afinal, levou à descoberta de um novo planeta
Não deve criticar

por fazer

Em vez de concluir

Preso por

Não mostrou sinais de dar lugar ao comunismo

Injusto de acusar

Não pode estar bem, apesar da sua plausibilidade inicial

Vale lembrar

E nenhuma maneira plausível de explicar
sentiu

Então deve

Então deve haver alguma característica que eles faltam e que possuem teorias científicas genuínas.

se

Avaliação negativa

Sua suposição de que a ciência tem uma "natureza essencial" é questionável

Mas se aceitamos ou não a avaliação negativa de Popper

De Freud e Marx, sua suposição de que a ciência tem uma "natureza essencial" é
questionável. O que é ser uma ciência

Em vez disso, lá
É um conjunto de recursos solto
